Doc from openstack admin guide (#1083)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/configuration/vault.rst

Create the external TLS certificates (testing only)
---------------------------------------------------

> This method should only be used for testing. For external certificates on production system,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method should only be used for testing. For external TLS on production systems,
```
